Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has rejected the latest
conditions set by Hamas for the release
of hostages held in Gaza this comes
after a weekend of protests calling on
the Israeli government to do more to
bring the hostages home well this was
the scene in Tel Aviv late Saturday
where thousands of people gathered to
protest against the country's leadership
many are calling for new elections it's
now more than 3 months since Israel
launched its counter offensive in Gaza
after the unprecedented crossborder
attacks by Hamas on October 7th Hamas is
classified as a terrorist organization
by most Western
countries we can now speak to journalist
Samy Sul who joins us from Jerusalem so
Sami Israeli Prime Minister has just
issued a statement saying that he's
rejecting the latest demands from the
militant group Hamas over hostage
releases what more can you tell us about
his statement
yeah so the statement is very clear he's
saying that if Israel would the release
the uh the prisoners that Hamas is
demanding would stop the war would
withdraw and take out the forces from
the Gaza Strip and then that would mean
that all the soldiers that have died
until now in battle their death would
have been in vain and that Israel will
not be able to protect its borders but I
must say that we hear here in Israel a
officials that are saying that Israel
will engage in talks uh and we're
talking about talks that according to
the Wall Street Journal will take place
in Cairo the four countries that are
behind them which is the United States H
Egypt and uh
and they're trying to push the Hamas and
Israel to reach some agreement according
to this agreement there will be 90 days
it will be spread over 90 days and it
will include the ceasefire and the
gradual exchange of prisoners so we have
to see where this will lead to and
meanwhile in Gaza the health Ministry
there which is run by Hamas has said
that U more than 25,000 people have died
in the territory since the War Began I'm
interested to hear just how much
coverage there is in Israeli domestic
media about the situation for
Palestinians in Gaza and if you can tell
us what the public makes of the
situation
there yeah if you look at this report
they also say that
75% of those who were killed are women
children and elderly and more than
60,000 have been wounded well there's
not the wide coverage of of this of
these kinds of figures in Israel and the
kind of images that you can see on
networks throughout the world of what's
Happening inside the Gaza Strip do not
usually appear on the screens of the
Israeli networks uh but I would say that
by a large the Israeli public doesn't
feel much sympathy towards the gazans
many here say that they support Hamas
they say that the public opinions have
shown that both gazans and West Bankers
have supported the attack on the 7th of
October and this is often an opinion
that you will hear in the
streets that was J journalist Samy soal
reporting from Jerusalem many thanks
indeed for your time